Update tutorials to latest monthly tag (#607)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/tutorials/06-node-metrics/index.mdx

  text="We suggest for _testing_ that you download the compiled `bin` programs for these apps
    as opposed to fully installing them or using them in docker. Just `download` for your
    architecture, and run it from the `working directory` that is convenient for you.

>     The links above provide instructions on this, and this guides assume you do it this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The preceding links provide instructions for downloading the compiled programs, and this guide assumes you follow those instructions.
```
